Support KiND cluster for local dev environment #800 (#2038)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/cluster/setup-kind.md

---
type: docs

> title: "Setup a KiND cluster"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Set up a KiND cluster"
```

linkTitle: "KiND"
weight: 1100
description: >

>   How to setup Dapr on a KiND cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  How to set up Dapr on a KiND cluster.
```
